Update fizz docs (#402)
gobuffalo/gobuffalo: templates/docs/db/fizz.md

}
```

> The `id` column don't have to be an integer. For instance, your can use an [`UUID`](https://github.com/gobuffalo/uuid) type instead:

Reviewer: Just some typos

```suggestion
The `id` column doesn't have to be an integer. For instance, you can use an [`UUID`](https://github.com/gobuffalo/uuid) type instead:
```

Im not sure if UUID needs `an` (als the pronunciation doesn't start with a vowel) but that doesn't really mater

Author: Thanks!
